> (1) What type of RFC is being requested (BCP, Proposed Standard, Internet Standard, Informational, Experimental, or Historic)? Why is this the proper type of RFC? Is this type of RFC indicated in the title page header? 

This document is a Informational and is reflected on the title page.

>(2) The IESG approval announcement includes a Document Announcement Write-Up. Please provide such a Document Announcement Write-Up. Recent examples can be found in the "Action" announcements for approved documents. The approval announcement contains the following sections: 

>Technical Summary:
>Document Quality:
>Personnel:

This specification defines two formats and respective media types for
representing sets of links as stand-alone documents.  One format is
JSON-based, the other aligned with the format for representing links
in the HTTP "Link" header field.  This specification also introduces
a link relation type to support discovery of sets of links. This is intended
to be used when RFC 8288 links are not usable, and delivering a set of links
as a stand-alone document is preferable.

This is a product of the HTTPAPI working group.

The document had detailed review from many WG members and while there
was some discussion, there was nothing especially controversial, nor rough
points in any consensus issues.

There are several implementations existing and planned. These are noted in
Appendix B of the draft, which will be removed before publication as an RFC.

The shepherd for this document was Rich Salz; the responsible AD is Francesca
Palombini.

>(3) Briefly describe the review of this document that was performed by the Document Shepherd. If this version of the document is not ready for publication, please explain why the document is being forwarded to the IESG. 

There are two old RFC references which can be fixed during AUTH48 or earlier:
6982 -> 7942 and 5988 -> 8288.

The JSON samples have data after the opening brace, but that's also can be
fixed in AUTH48 :)

I re-read the document carefully and it is ready for publication. It does a
nice job providing use cases and motivation for this work.

>(4) Does the document Shepherd have any concerns about the depth or breadth of the reviews that have been performed? 

No.  In particular Julian Reschke (noted HTTP RFC editor) provided a detailed
review.

>(5) Do portions of the document need review from a particular or from broader perspective, e.g., security, operational complexity, AAA, DNS, DHCP, XML, or internationalization? If so, describe the review that took place. 

It might be useful to have the HTTP WG look at this. Given the overlap of
the groups's memberships, and the reviews it is already had, I am pretty
confident that no new issues will be raised.

>(6) Describe any specific concerns or issues that the Document Shepherd has with this document that the Responsible Area Director and/or the IESG should be aware of? For example, perhaps he or she is uncomfortable with certain parts of the document, or has concerns whether there really is a need for it. In any event, if the WG has discussed those issues and has indicated that it still wishes to advance the document, detail those concerns here. 

Absolutely none.

>(7) Has each author confirmed that any and all appropriate IPR disclosures required for full conformance with the provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79 have already been filed. If not, explain why?

Yes, both authors said they are not aware of any IPR.

>(8) Has an IPR disclosure been filed that references this document? If so, summarize any WG discussion and conclusion regarding the IPR disclosures. 

No.

>(9) How solid is the WG consensus behind this document? Does it represent the strong concurrence of a few individuals, with others being silent, or does the WG as a whole understand and agree with it? 

Low-level general agreement. All agree this is a worthwhile problem to
address. Nobody objected to any decisions made while writing the document.

>(10) Has anyone threatened an appeal or otherwise indicated extreme discontent? If so, please summarise the areas of conflict in separate email messages to the Responsible Area Director. (It should be in a separate email because this questionnaire is publicly available.) 

No.

>(11) Identify any ID nits the Document Shepherd has found in this document. (See http://www.ietf.org/tools/idnits/ and the Internet-Drafts Checklist). Boilerplate checks are not enough; this check needs to be thorough. 

See #3 above.

>(12) Describe how the document meets any required formal review criteria, such as the MIB Doctor, YANG Doctor, media type, and URI type reviews. 

The IANA considerations section (8) identifies one link relation and two media
types. Those applications, in the draft, appear to be complete.

>(13) Have all references within this document been identified as either normative or informative? 

Yes.

>(14) Are there normative references to documents that are not ready for advancement or are otherwise in an unclear state? If such normative references exist, what is the plan for their completion? 

There are none.

>(15) Are there downward normative references (see RFC 3967)? If so, list these downward references to support the Area Director in the Last Call procedure. 

No.

>(16) Will publication of this document change the status of any existing RFCs? Are those RFCs listed on the title page header, listed in the abstract, and discussed in the introduction? If the RFCs are not listed in the Abstract and Introduction, explain why, and point to the part of the document where the relationship of this document to the other RFCs is discussed. If this information is not in the document, explain why the WG considers it unnecessary. 

I would suggest that this gets an "Updates 8288" mention.

>(17) Describe the Document Shepherd's review of the IANA considerations section, especially with regard to its consistency with the body of the document. Confirm that all protocol extensions that the document makes are associated with the appropriate reservations in IANA registries. Confirm that any referenced IANA registries have been clearly identified. Confirm that newly created IANA registries include a detailed specification of the initial contents for the registry, that allocations procedures for future registrations are defined, and a reasonable name for the new registry has been suggested (see RFC 8126). 

The draft proposes three additions to existing registries and the additions
look complete. Once the responsible AD is satisfied with the draft, we could
ask the registrars to review them.

>(18) List any new IANA registries that require Expert Review for future allocations. Provide any public guidance that the IESG would find useful in selecting the IANA Experts for these new registries. 

No new registries.

>(19) Describe reviews and automated checks performed by the Document Shepherd to validate sections of the document written in a formal language, such as XML code, BNF rules, MIB definitions, YANG modules, etc.

doc-nits but the rest is text. I tried to carefully read the JSON examples.

>(20) If the document contains a YANG module, has the module been checked with any of the recommended validation tools (https://trac.ietf.org/trac/ops/wiki/yang-review-tools) for syntax and formatting validation? If there are any resulting errors or warnings, what is the justification for not fixing them at this time? Does the YANG module comply with the Network Management Datastore Architecture (NMDA) as specified in RFC8342?

The draft has no YANG in it.
